Fold loses 1.5 mm of material on each side of the fold, making the bend require 3 mm of extra material.

176.5 mm after folding

Clearances on the mating of the camera battery hook to the front of the battery case too tight.  Need more space.

Doesn't seem to want to go down all the way.  Camera battery hook standing up about 1 mm too high.

Clearance between the bottom of the nano holder and the base where the fold occurs seems too low.  Need to shorten the bottom of the nano base?  Probably should mount nano first to make sure that it doesn't make the nano not fit.

Battery holder hole diameters for bolts seem ok.  Could maybe go a bit looser if insertion turns out to be a pain.  As is they screw in, which might be handy because it could be partially inserted before putting it into the robot.

240 C for brass inserts

200 mm
189 mm

180 mm
40 mm tall

11 mm hole center to l brace wall
20.5 mm brace wall outside to bottom end

20 mm from battery holder edge

4.5 mm diameter for insert interior, 4 mm deep
6 mm diameter for placement helper hole edge, 1 mm deep

The brass threaded inserts are not sufficiently strong.  Proposed ways to deal with it:
1. Make the 2/4 fold style battery holder pieces.  Get low profile head bolts (or sidewalk screws) and place matching holes in each of the battery holders.
2. Make 2 fold style battery holders and score lines in the baseplate to remove need for second fold round.  Place two pieces on the baseplate and secure. Add extra plastic and use a copper pipe with hot air blown through it to weld the pieces in place.  With luck, all sides could be welded at the same time.
3. 2 but without the extra plastic and adding an extra fold.


a. Try corner weld with cement spreading tool + hot air gun.  Maybe get smaller one if it doesn't work.
b. Could we get a spot weld type thing by making a paw like shape so parts of both the top plate and the bottom plate are getting heated?  <- some risk of warping.  
3. See if possible to get a spikey like solder iron tip?  Could be handy for spot welding like operation.



